Author : Vijay Ganesh

REGRESSIONS LOGS OF STP RUNS
---------------------------- 

1. These are some regressions logs that will help future developers
keep track of progress. All these logs were created on a 3.2 GHz
machine with 512Kb L2 Cache, and 2 GB RAM. The OS is Debian Linux with
kernel 2.6.18. (The machine name is chongzi.stanford.edu)

2. I carry out regressions often, but the cvs repository contains only
a few them. These logs act as checkpoint logs.

3. Some important bigarray-test and other test logs that I had stored
on hiesen.stanford.edu were lost when the hiesen was decommissioned.

EXPLANATION OF SLOWDOWN IN NOVEMBER-DECEMBER, 2007
--------------------------------------------------

I and/or David Dill made changes to the code in Nov, 2007 to tackle
some bug reports from Dawn Song's group. In the process, certain parts
of the code were conservatively commented out by me, which led to loss
of performance. Upon revisiting the code, I realized that bug fix was
in some other part of the code, and upon uncommenting the performance
was back to good (Reflecting the performance from the pre-thesis
time). I did the uncommenting by comparing the code to the Oct
version, and then simply copying relevant parts from Oct to the
current version.

Also, the log 2008-01-14-regress.log-bigarray-test reflects the
performance of STP as I had recorded just before the thesis
defense. This can be seen by the following facts:

1. The numbers match for most testcases in the logs named

  * 2007-07-21-regress.log_bigarray-test
  * 2008-01-14-regress.log-bigarray-test

2. The performance of certain representative testcases
(e.g. testcase13.stp.cvc) tell me that the performance is the same or
very close

3. The timeout was set too low for the thumbnail testcases in
2007-07-21-regress.log_bigarray-test. Hence, the true numbers were not
recorded in these logs for some of the thumbnail examples. But, notice
that the numbers for thumbnailout-spin1-concreteget.stp.cvc are fairly
close in the two logs. Further the array write code was not
touched. These two factors together indicate that the numbers for the
other thumbnail tests should also match for the two versions.

4. I had to resurrect the code as of Oct 1st, 2007, and overwrite
parts of the code as of Jan, 2008, in order to erase the mistakes
committed during November, 2007. The Oct code is very close to the pre
thesis code. So, this further shows that the performance is now back
on track, and is very close to the pre thesis levels.
